Master Han, don't be angry
Obviously he is just reckless
No offense intended.
You spare him this time
You're a complete wimp
Causing trouble but putting women in front
But the little god of war is cleared
But often arrogant in front of me
Lao seems that the new god of war is just like that
Your Majesty is incompetent
Embarrassing carelessness
Ah!
Take my sword
Slander the god of war
Sir, do you know what you are doing?
Guan Lu Ming does not need to act to Miss Xiao in his life
Neuropathy, you are courting death
Lord Han followed the God of War to the north and south
Military achievements
In fact, you can humiliate me
The boy dares to make a fuss about the dragon banquet
Hurry up and kneel down and kowtow to Lord Han
Dare to be lawless at the dragon banquet
Even if Lord Han spares your life
I'll make it difficult for you to move in the middle of the sea
Su Da
Did you see the true face of this lunatic?
If you continue to be obsessed
I will really fall under you and be doomed
It seems that Zhonghai is mediocre and incompetent
short-sighted
It's just that woman Zhao Zilong
Wishful thinking drives out the trouble
Please try to make a supreme ceremony for you
Ridiculous
Nonsense
Lord Lu Ming
I didn't expect me to marry you
Let you be so excited
I'm also guilty of the way you are now
But you're grandstanding here
Doesn't catch my attention
It will only make me look down on you more